hey what's going on it's Rick for meta
gamers and I've got the brand new and
scipio feather for the third-generation
iPad to show you today this is a back
shell that's going to go on the back of
your iPad to protect it from scratches
we've seen a lot of these shelves how
does this stand up to the competition
I'm gonna tell you so let's have a look
this is the incipio smart feather and
it's for the third generation iPad but
it also work on your iPad too if you've
got one it's gonna run you about 34 95
at retail so do your shopping if you
want one because you could probably pick
it up cheaper online but the key thing
is to look for the label for the new
iPad because there is a version of this
that is only for the iPad 2 and it's a
little snug fitting if you try it on
your third generation iPad I've got both
the frosted version of this as well as
the black that you see here I'm not
going to demo the black I will tell you
that it is exactly as you would expect
it is a solid black color it has a
satiny feel to it shows a little bit of
finger printing but those do wipe off
with the microfiber cloth and again
there's your packaging this is going to
come with the screen shield and a
microfiber cloth as well now I cannot
comment on the screen shield I don't use
them on my iPads so I can't tell you if
it's a ultra clear one how good it is
stuff like that so you'll have to search
for feedback on that I'm going to demo
for you how this works with the Smart
Cover because that is really what this
case is designed to do or the shell is
designed to do first thing I want to
call out about it is this area here that
is going to go over the hinge or the
area that secures your Smart Cover to
your iPad to really keep it in place and
prevent it from detaching from your iPad
so let me show you how this works let's
go ahead and flip it over and the first
thing that I find easiest to do is just
to open up my iPad so the Smart Cover is
open I'm gonna lay one end in lay the
other end actually I like to kind of
lift it up so I can put this in those
corners first and you see how that kind
of went in and then I'll just snap these
corners and then kind of a good practice
I always do is I just go all the way
around
my finger to make sure that everything
is cinched in and it is again take a
look right up there this one I'm talking
about so it goes over that area of your
smart cover to keep it in place and the
benefit of that is I can do this and a
lot of people have complained that when
they use their smart cover it kind of
detaches at will you don't have to worry
about that with this smart shell it
keeps your smart cover attached now if
we take a look on this side you're gonna
notice a couple of things first off
there's a small gap there very small no
concern to me it is needed for the smart
cover to open up again you get coverage
all here and that's what keeps the
device or your smart cover secured same
thing here a little bit of an opening
there you've got some incipio branding
right along the side now here's the
thing about this smart shell it does
leave this whole area open here so if
you've got a back skin on your iPad
which I don't I've heard that it works
but if you don't just be aware this is
open you might want to keep this in a
bag to prevent scratching if you lay it
on a table this area is not going to
touch because of the round edges of the
iPad so just be aware of that because
some people prefer the full coverage
this doesn't have it on the plus side
the speaker's completely open there's no
distortion of sound you're gonna be able
to use your camera connection kit with
this no problem up along the top same
thing this whole area is cut open
so plus side you can pretty much use
whatever headphone jack you got with
this it's going to work and your
microphone and everything else is open
there's your camera cut out cut out here
as well and again you can see what this
looks like up close
so frosted ultra kind of transparent so
you can see the iPad logo and it doesn't
show finger printing too bad and any
that you do get you can simply wipe off
so that is the incipio smart feather
case goes for about thirty four
ninety-five at retail I'm gonna give it
a three and a half out of five I really
like the fact that it secures your smart
cover in place that is a nice feature to
have on the negative side
I'm not so sure about this whole area
being open and likewise up here on top I
like to have the extra coverage but
overall if you're looking for a shell
this is definitely want to consider
especially considering that they throw
in a screen shield as well that's gonna
do it for this time if you guys have
questions comments or feedback please
feel free to let me know otherwise take
care everybody and have fun by the way
and in case you were wondering yes you
can fold this all the way flat against
the back of your iPad and it stays
pretty flush there is no magnet so it's
not going to stay in place you are going
to need to hold this but it works pretty
well